This directory contains scripts that are intended for more general usage.

As the README in the root directory states, use these scripts at entirely
your own risk!!! I hope they will be useful but they should all be considered
beta versions. I have not extensively error checked any of them though I will 
be more than happy to deal with any bugs/errors that are brought to my 
attention.


Current Scripts in this Directory:

calculate_ANI_and_AF.py     Calculates whole genome pairwise similarity between a 
                            group of genomes. Optionally parallelizes across an 
                            LSF based cluster. Requires bbmap.sh to be on the 
                            system path.

compare_reassemblies.py     Compares a set of assemblies using two methods to see
                            if the new method is superior to the original. Uses
                            the output from QUAST and optionally, counts of genes,
                            and CheckM. Outputs a single graph with the fold change
                            of various parameters between the new and orig assemblies.

compare_two_lists.py        Simple utility to compare the content of two lists.
                            Reports items that on both lists and unique to
                            either list.

extract_16S_from_barrnap_gff.py

                            Extracts 16S sequences from a barrnap-created
                            *.gff file.

isolate_download_manager.py
                             
                            The ideal entry point to the jgi_interface.py script
                            for those looking to download and store data about a
                            pannel of genomes from JGI. This program interactively
                            downloads data and makes a database of associated
                            metadata for a list of taxon_oids. Also has experimental
                            ability to check for new isolates in existing projects of
                            interest. 

jgi_interface.py            Script to log in and download files from the JGI
                            or IMG websites. For documentation, run using the
                            '-h' option.

mypyli                      MY PYthon LIbrary. Custom library of python
                            modules that can be imported into your scripts.
                            These are all experimental and still in 
                            development but some of the other scripts in this 
                            directory rely on them.

prune_phylo_tree.py         Script to prune a phylogenetic tree based on a list
                            of node names or a regular expression. Also supports
                            changing node names. Run using '-h' for complete docs. 

run_checkm.py               Runs the genome assembly checking program "CheckM".
                            This program is intended to run CheckM at a specific 
                            taxonomic level and also easily support adding new
                            genomes to CheckM analyses without rerunning the whole
                            set. 
             
                            ** CheckM has been updated since this script was written,
                               this script may no longer work properly.
